The Governor wants the bank.
It's easy.
Okay, because you really want to go your own way.
So I'm going to give you a chance to prove yourself.
Prepare the archery site.
If you win or lose
Gotta bet on something.
What compares the bow first, then compares the number of arrows?
If you lose...
Kneel down for me, meekly knock the three heads, and give me the number one of the Five Great Heavenly Emperors.
It's done.
Tough people want to be brave.
He obviously doesn't know anything.
Qin Xiao, don't let him pretend that he deliberately provokes you to want to sign a contract with a handsome man.
Look, even women know you can't.
You have the guts to fight the young master.
As long as you lose.
Give up the position of No. 1 male, and the young master will excuse you from kneeling.
If
Give Ben a few words and get on his knees.
One word.
Khanh Hieu, you are the only male master appointed by the White Prince.
If you withdraw because of this
This white prince once the responsibility is down
You will have no place in the entire Dragon Kingdom.
It's okay.
We distinguish ourselves.
Failing, are you still human?
I almost killed the white man because of you.
Alive sold for 300 million high price.
You're not grateful.
Still believe that.
Betting contract
He was blind at first.
Choose you this avenging white-eyed wolf
In your eyes
I just can't stand it.
If not the couple's sister gives you a chance
A loser like you.
He's not even qualified to talk to me.
Okay.
Today I'm going to show you what the words of a real emperor are.
Put on my shoes.